Welcome to the Landon Hotel!
Founded in 1952 by Arthur Landon, an English businessman who travelled the world in search of the perfect balance of comfort, personality, and convenience. 

The Landon that started it all!
The original Landon still perseveres after over 50 years, although it has since had a facelift to improve infrastructure. 

The West End
Landon is in a neighborhood that has something for everyone - from theater to dining to historic sights.
That said, the Landon is far from being solely a tourist’s hotel.
The community doesn’t just ebb and flow around the hotel- the community pours into the hotel, 
making the West End Landon an important venue for community activities and meetings. 
And the not-to-miss rooftop cafe is a great place for travelers and locals to engage over drinks, food, and good conversation.

See and be seen in the West End
Whether you're a theater enthusiast, enjoy epic shopping, or love to stroll and people watch, you’ll find
London’s West End has an endless opportunity to partake in all these activities. The West End is the
heart of London’s "Theaterland" and offers the best in drama, comedy, and musical productions. There
are over 40 theaters in the West End, and staying at the West End Landon will put you front and center
to them all.
When not attending a show, you can wander through miles and miles of the best shopping in the world,
including Oxford, Regent, and Bond Streets. Feast your eyes on the endless choices of global brands
and locally-sources goods that abound in the upscale department stores, hip boutiques, and unique
crafter stalls in the West End.
Then, at the end of the day, treat yourself to a relaxing and luxurious evening at the West End Landon.
Enjoy a five-star meal, overlooking the city, at the Landon Rooftop Cafe, followed by a soak in your
room’s private jacuzzi tub. Then top off the day with a comfortable and restful slumber that will have you
ready for another day of exploring the many sights around the West End.

Guest Rooms
Our guest rooms feature sumptuous classic furnishings that evoke visions of London’s rich and long-standing tradition of royalty. While our rooms are decked out in classic design, they each have a modern flair, and contain all the modern comforts expected in today’s luxury hotels. We’ve named our rooms for the notable public squares and circuses around which the West End is laid out.

Piccadilly
Designed to be our economy room, for those who will be spending more time seeing the sights, and less time hitting the hay. The Piccadilly room has a smaller footprint, but maintains the accommodations of some of our more deluxe rooms.
Cambridge
This room features a king bed, with a Comfort-Plus mattress, covered in 400-thread Egyptian cotton sheets. The Cambridge room is decorated in tasteful and warm muted tones, that are soothing on the eyes and senses.
Westminster
This room is available with a king or two double beds, and is furnished with our Premiere London collection – the softest and most luxurious bed and bath linens.
Oxford
Our Oxford suites are some of the prettiest and most romantic rooms around and are perfect for honeymoons. All of these feature canopy beds, lots of windows, and spare no modern comfort or convenience, including a TLX media system.
Victoria
Traveling with the family? Our spacious Victoria suites, with breathtaking views of the city, are the perfect choice. These corner rooms are furnished with a king or two double beds, and have a sofa with a comfortable pullout bed.
Manchester
The Manchester Executive Suite, is popular with business travelers the world over. These two-room suites feature a king-size bed, living room with leather recliner, full-sized executive desk, and leather desk chair.
Landon Rooftop Café is the destination for five star dining. Our master chefs are trained to meet special dietary needs, and we offer a range of vegetarian/vegan, kosher, gluten, and dairy free selections to accommodate our guests. Whether you're in the mood for our award winning roast beef, fresh select salads, appetizing lunch entrees, or delectable desserts, we have you covered.
The Rooftop Smoothie Bar gives you panoramic views of the city, where you can have one of our specialty smoothies while you wait for your table. Our top mixologists are constantly bringing new and unique offerings to our smoothie menu. We have a wide range of locally grown, fresh fruit and vegetable choices to make you custom blended drinks. We also have seasonal selections that you won’t find anywhere else.
Our traditional breakfast and coffee bar, located adjacent to our lounge, are the perfect way to start your morning. We offer a wide selection of seasonal fresh fruit, a variety of cereals, croissants, crusty sourdough bread, cook-to-order eggs and omelettes, fresh juice, coffee, and teas.
If you’d rather stay in your room and enjoy a quiet evening in, or a relaxing breakfast in bed, room service options are available for all of our dining choices.